8) Ice lance (is not affected by ice shard on antrix and it duplicate damage when the damage would be 3x on frozen target...).without the gear (0 spell damage) the dmg on frozen target is ok..(160-187)with the gear (880+ spll dmg) i make 400-500 dmg on target without frozen effect... and 800 on frozen target( and crit 1200)... is not correct i think... i have a pg on official server and with 550 spell dmg and i hit for 800 on frozen target and crit 1600..
9) Summon water elemental (Mage)

Ice lance this spell is cheap on mana,and does little damage,but here it gains all the spell damage you have and as a result we have tonz of damage for nothing.It should not gain any spell dmg.it only does tripple damage against frozen targets like frost nova'd.
Double shield - Ice Barrier + Mana Shield,this combo makes a mage mostly impossible to kill if you are melee,since the dmg absorb is unreal.Only one type of shield can be on you at a time.
Arcane Missles - popular spell due it's unlimited range,if you even run away from the range,they will be still casting on you.When the target leaves the range the channeling should be canceled.

Mage:

Talents:
Arcane:
Arcane Subtlety:Working. Not sure if reduces resistance. Instead of resistance this spell reduces cost !
Arcane Focus: Not sure if works
Improved Arcane Missiles: Not tested yet
Wand Specialization: Not works. And you can train it in the trainers (?))
Magic Absorption:At least works the resistance part of it, mana restore not sure
Arcane Concentration:Doesn't work
Magic Attunement: Looks like working but only if you spend 2 points
Arcane Impact:Looks like working
Improved Blink:Doesn't work
Presence of Mind:Partially, sometimes you lose this buff. Seens like it is lost by magic effect (like the periodic fire by fireball)
Arcane Instability:Doesn't work
Arcane Potency:Since there's no Clearcasting state (Arcane Concentration), Arcane pontency can't work
Empowered Arcane Missiles:Doesn't work
Arcane Power:Doesn't work
Spell Power:Doesn't work

Fire:
Improved Fire Blast:Doesn't Work. It's only visual
Improved Flamestrike:Doesn't Work
Master of Elements:Not tested yet
Playing with Fire:Not tested yet
Pyromaniac:Not tested yet
Molten Fury:Not tested yet
- mage - Improved Fire Ward

Frost:
Frost Warding:Doesn't work
Elemental Precision:Doesn't work
Improved Blizzard:Doesn't work. Retest
Frozen Core:Not tested yet
Ice Floes:Doesn't work
Arctic Winds:Not sure about +5% frost spell damage
Empowered Frostbolt:Doesn't work
Summon Water Elemental:Doesn't work

Spells:
Armors:
Molter Armor:Partially working. Crit chance is incrised. but the rest doens't work

Arcane:
Arcane Missiles:Don't shot the last missile (or first?)
Detect Magic:Not works
Blink: Doesn't release you from stun, just from bonds.
Mana Shield:Working, but only for physical damage, because in 2.0.3 or later it has been changed to absorb spell damage too.
Invisibility:Not tested yet
Arcane Blast:Working but the buff (stacks three times, lasts 8 sec) that increases mana cost but decreases casting time doesn't work.
Spellsteal:Doesn't work


Frost:
Frost Nova:Working Side Effect: 100% chance to break it on hit

Problems not related with only one spell/talent:
- Problem with multiple mages in one group: if a mage cast fireball for example on a mob, if i cast a lower rank of fireball it says that a another more powerfull spell effect is active...this should work on buffs like Arcane Intellect not casting damage spells