# Overpower - should work
focused rage: should decrease the rage of all damage-dealing abilities and of all debuffs. And it should be stackable with Improved Sunder Armor and Improved Heroic Strike talents
Piercing howl should detect stealth
Berserker rage should give you temporary stun ress
Iron will, stun ress is not working
charge/intercept should brake slowing effects
unbridled wrath, should add a 8% per rank up to 40% chance to generate one rage point per hit of a melee weapon
concussion 193276132132976 dmg from bugged heroic
Death Wish- Damage is not increased by 20% in dozens of uses. As for the fearless effect I cannot say.

Bug: Blood Rage
Class: Warrior
NPC/Area: n/a
Explanation: It doesn`t prevent from losing rage as it should.

the first bug - Victory Rush
The spell is supposed to be active for 20 seconds after u kill something that gives honor and it can only be used once in those 20 seconds. The bug is that the spell can be used forever after killing someone ( meaning u can contineusly spam it) and it has no cooldown and requires no rage, does approximately 45% of attack power in dmg.
An appropirate fix would be a disable of the spell or try to make it only useable once.

2. spell reflection is not working at all now (some spells are just consumed)
5. talent booming voice doesnt work on commanding shout
11. Berserker rage (rage part and fear part is 'ok' but ^^) "The warrior enters a berserker rage, becoming immune to Fear and Incapacitate effects and generating extra rage when taking damage. Lasts 10 sec. So only left incapacitate effects and that means immune on every kind of stun. "Incapacitating" means it cancels the character's ability to fight so it shouldnt work for example on frost nova. I think that it was working for some time.
Intimidating Shout
Bug:
If you damage target of Intimidating Shout - the one "cowering in fear" - you will fear yourself (and duration renews each time you damage "cowering in fear" target again - basic situation is having DoT on your target and fearing it - your target fear is sometimes removed after 1st DoT tick and you get 8sec fear on yourself, or DoT doesnt remove his fear and you keep getting 8sec fear each time your DoT damages your feared target).
Enrage talent doesnt give a slightest bonus dmg. Good thing that Flurry seems to work fine.


1. overpower doesn't work
2. abilities that does damage in melee range such as mortal strike, bloodthirst, hamstring, slam etc. isn't doing damage in melee range.
3. whirlwind doesn't hit enemies around 8 yards.
4. second wind doesn't activate when getting immobilized by frost nova.
5. disarm doesn't work

talent -
arms
1. imp intercept doesn't decrease cool down
2. impale doesn't increase critical damage
3. two-handed weapon specialization doesn't increase damage

fury
3. imp whirlwind doesn't decrease cool down
4. precision doesn't increase hit rating
4. sweeping strike doesn't work
5. rampage doesn't stacks(only gives the initial AP)

protection
6. tactical mastery doesn't work
7. focused rage doesn't reduce rage cost of offensive ability
8. one-handed weapon specialization doesn't increase damage
